MC-33183: New In-store delivery feature. Updated existing information and added new topics. (#604)
magento/merchdocs: src/catalog/inventory-sources.md

title: Managing Sources
---

> Sources represent locations storing and shipping your product stock. Any location with available stock and capable of order fulfillment can be added as a source such as warehouses, brick-and-mortar stores, distribution centers, pickup locations and drop shippers.

Reviewer: Add a serial comma

Author: done

> Sources represent locations storing and shipping your product stock. Any location with available stock and capable of order fulfillment can be added as a source such as warehouses, brick-and-mortar stores, distribution centers, pickup locations, and drop shippers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sources represent locations storing and shipping your product stock. Any location with available stock and capable of order fulfillment can be added as a source, such as a warehouse, brick-and-mortar store, distribution center, pickup location, and drop shipper.
```

Author: I agree with Kevin, deleted!, thanks!

Sources are the physical locations where product inventory is managed and shipped for order fulfillment, or where services are available. These locations can include warehouses, brick-and-mortar stores, distribution centers, pickup locations, and drop shippers. You allocate inventory quantities to these sources, and Magento automatically aggregates the total salable products for your stocks. For large companies, add multiple sources for all of your locations: in different geographic locations by country and continent, locations in a city, based on the type of inventory, even based on services.

> It is recommended to provide specific physical geographical locations when creating a source. That allows the _Distance Priority Algorithm_ to compare the location of the shipping destination address with the available source locations to determine the closest source to fulfil shipments. You can use google maps or offline calculations, which use geocodes. For more information on this _Distance Priority Algorithm_, see [Configure Distance Priority Algorithm]({% link catalog/inventory-configure-distance-priority.md %}).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is recommended to provide specific physical geographical locations when creating a source. That allows the _Distance Priority Algorithm_ to compare the location of the shipping destination address with the available source locations to determine the closest source to fulfill shipments. You can use Google Maps or offline calculations, which use geocodes. For more information on this _Distance Priority Algorithm_, see [Configure Distance Priority Algorithm]({% link catalog/inventory-configure-distance-priority.md %}).
```

Author: done!
